Editorial nits (#343)
ietf-wg-jsonpath/draft-ietf-jsonpath-base: draft-ietf-jsonpath-base.md

In this document, the semantics of a JSONPath query define the
required results and do not prescribe the internal workings of an
implementation.  This document may describe semantics in a procedural

> step-by-stap fashion, but such descriptions are non-normative and do not

Reviewer: Well, the descriptions are meant to be normative, but the way they are described is not the only way of implementing them.

Author: Something like "… step-by-step function, which are normative in the sense that any implementation MUST produce an identical result, but not in the sense that implementors are required to use the same algorithms" ?

> step-by-stap fashion, but such descriptions are non-normative and do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
step-by-step fashion, but such descriptions are normative only in the sense that any implementation MUST produce an identical result, but not in the sense that implementors are required to use the same algorithms.
```

> constrain implementors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: Er, is this suggestion still needed?

Reviewer 2: Oh I see.
